well that was a nice move dumbass
I'm your huckleberry
the name is that it the logic is it
ready potato in a jacket north in the
Attic I rocking our members I bring it
red bull crap like an animal but I'm a
mammal
does someone need a hug shrimp is the
fruit of the city you can movic you it
bar brawl it bake it's on tape lays on
shrimp kabobs showing of Creole okay why
is it everything that I husband Bob days
in a go-ahead are coming out of my the
double sixes I tell people's secrets it
makes them like me you're obviously
having a bad hair day gumbo and fri deep
fry stir fry his pineapples friend
lemons friend
so tell me mama
I make Buffalo's biggest cookie peer
pressure okay another something
completely different it's tearin up my
heart when we are apart a feeling too
and
I
a little
you
with my little stick
my highly evolved brain oh I shall
create fire who the hell do you think
you are are you like a crazy person I'm
quite sure they will say so ready Ike
kick the baby Luke it the baby Jake the
baby
not quite according to that
complications arose ensued wherever come
Wow geography me
you sit on a throne of lies excuse me
say what are you babbling about hold on
now I don't want this poem a dapper dan
I don't care it up a day in our Curia
fall well I don't want goddamn it
I'm a dapper dan man watch your language
young fellas it's a public market now if
you won't die for dan I can order for
you having a couple of weeks well hate
this place a geographical oddity two
weeks remember where forget the doesn't
hear it and if all goes as planned my
butt will be is smack free coconut
shrimp pepper shrimp shrimp soup shrimp
stew shrimp salad shrimp and potatoes
shrimp burger shrimp sandwich bestbest
Baldy don't act like you're not
impressed I'm challenging you Jeff to
what game little dance dance revolution
that's great Bobby but we don't have the
instance revolution so you're dumb it's
party time pa rt why because I gotta you
know they really shouldn't tell you if
they're just gonna let Komodo dragons
run loose around the hotel frankly my
dear I don't give a damn new yeah this
is not good for my image how to wimp
like you get into organization 13 feet
boy Oh bother
damn we're gonna touch by
Oh
sorry
you